harsh facts about men that people are
afraid to tell you. But I am not. He is
not broke. He just doesn't feel inspired
to provide for you. Men always spend on
what they value. So if he's not giving,
it's not about money. It's about
emotional investment. Keep in mind that
a feminine woman never begs to be
provided for, she naturally awakens that
instinct in him. Real men do not drop
woman. They provide for her so she would
never even want to leave. Provision is
and was never about control. And when a
woman feels cared for, she naturally
softens. A masculine man knows that when
she is secure, he is literally
unstoppable. Because a feminine woman
that feels safe, soft, protected, and
provided for is the biggest blessing and
multiplier in a man's life. If he's not
providing, it's because he doesn't see
you as the woman worth providing for.
This doesn't mean that you're not worth
of provision. This just means that he
doesn't see your worth. Men provide for
women who make them feel needed and
respected. So if you are proving that
you can do all alone, he obviously won't
feel needed. If you keep downplaying and
correcting him, he won't feel respected.
But the moment you start to lean back
and appreciate his effort and allow him
to lead, he steps into his power and
will show up as the man for you. Healthy
masculinity expresses love through
actions. He wants to see you safe,
glowing, and stressfree because
ultimately your peace always validates
his purpose. Men rise for the woman who
elevate their standards. Now, when you
embody true self-worth and softness, you
won't even need to demand anything. Your
energy alone wants him to give you
everything. If you keep playing the
lowmaintenance girl, you might think
you're more easy to get along with, but
actually you're simply a py girl and you
are part of the reason why men feel
comfortable doing nothing. As always, if
you want to learn how to spot a real
provider man, and how to become the
woman he truly wants to provide for,
download my ebook, The Queen Treatment,
link in bio.